okay I'm Ryan and I'm gonna be teaching
you how to do a 360 on a regular old
original scooter and you might recognize
me from my how-to tail up on a scooter
video and just draw like people kept
leaving comments this is a razor Pro
model so place won't be getting wet
anymore there's stupid comments about me
Bolton my scooter and crap so in case
you want to know how to tell it all show
a couple of examples of that right now
and I'll leave a link to that other
video good video helped out a lot of
kids yeah just check it out
okay so those are examples of some
talipes first one first two were just
regular and then the last one was two
footed but landed one foot and then one
foot and land it back to two feet so if
you're interested in learning how to
tail it check out my other vid and I'll
probably learn how to do it in about a
week or two so here under studies from
360s now and teach you how to do that
okay so one important thing about 316 is
your stance it's not as important I was
doing a tailwhip but I think it's
important to just do whatever you're
comfortable with
I ride regular which is which is with my
left foot first and what I personally
like is I just put both both feet in the
back next to each other and I curl my
toes over the edge like I'd given my
tail light video so just to get a good
grip on the scooter so yeah that's the
first step okay so one of the big things
is knowing which way you're going to
spin when you actually jump so without
your scooter just take a few jumps and
do a 360 and just try to get to know
whichever way is more comfortable for
you so I'll just do it and then just
jump the other way whatever way it feels
more comfortable should be the way that
like you actually do a 360 on the
scooter so I'll just speed that out
first okay the next thing that you
should set up for when doing a 360 is
right after you know which way you're
going to do the whole 360 so when you're
on the screen about to do it you really
have to get to bend your knees you have
to bend your knees and twist your
shoulder your whole upper body the
opposite way that you're going to spin
so it's kind of like a little momentum
thing so I spin this way
so you'll see my back when I 360 but um
like when you're winding up you're gonna
see my chest more so that when I do jump
I can flick my whole body around so
you'll spin faster in the air so I just
do that a couple times you don't really
have to jump but just practice winding
up and bending your knees and getting
comfortable the last thing you're gonna
need for doing a good 360 is a good
bunnyhop now the important thing here is
unlike at a lip you don't need to get
high in order to do it you just have to
be in complete control and have balance
cause if you go up for a 360 and you're
jumping like as high as you can you're
not going to keep your balance enough to
like a full search a full cycle and
you'll just have to step off so just get
a nice a good bunnyhop and just find
something that's comfortable for you and
then go on and try it and I'll just do
some more 360s now in case I unless I
find something else to tell you okay so
another tip that I just found we're
trying to do a 360 is to keep the deck
completely flat and when you blending up
don't lean back then you'll be spinning
like that and you'll like go up on your
back wheel and you'll and and don't lean
forward when you jump because they'll
just turn out pretty bad and you'll have
to step off yet again so when you jump
jump straight up but then you just twist
at the same time so after you like
you've taken into consideration all
those like basic things for your 360 go
out and try it
ride a little slow and I'll show you
something now from each angle so you
just get the gist of it
now I'm just showing it to you from each
view you saw that was the one side view
so the main reason why I'm doing it is
so you can pick up different things from
each view like from the front which is
next you'll be able to see me lined up
and same from the back but otherwise
whatever just look at it yeah
hopefully you could see everything from
there
neighbors are watching play a freak
talking oh so I move back a little so
that's how to do the 360 just put all
the steps together start off with
knowing your stance where you like to
put your feet on the scooter knowing
which way you jump in the air like
people can do it both ways but it's
better just to learn one way first and
then move to the other wind up and bend
your knees get a good bunnyhop and make
sure you're going at a decent speed not
too fast like speed demon and not too
slow so you're like not moving at all so
if you got any questions just send me a
personal message or leave me a comment
and check out my how to tail at video if
you know how to do that
so thanks here's a little blooper
section just to show people me following
and like what does she look like when
you can't get a 360 and the main reason
is that you can't get the full rotation
and you're landing like sideways and
like you can't roll away so other than
that you can't really mess up too much
and you can see how I picked my foot up
but yeah that's really all you can do
wrong
you